Quotes by Harold W. Becker

Each act of kindness changes the world.
We weave the fabric of life with each heartbeat.
We paint with our heart onto the canvas of life.
Life may be complex, yet with the awareness of love it is never complicated.
When we are in our mind we exclude our heart; when we are in our heart we include our mind.
If we can dream it, we can build it, and if we use love, all life will benefit.
As spiritual beings having a human experience, we are all connected in the web of life.
Within our true nature lies our divinity and in that divine essence is where we find and express love.
When we invoke love, we forgive and release the appearances of our experiences.
Love is experienced when it is shared with others unconditionally.
When love is expressed, we are allowing the highest level of our awareness to permeate the moment.
When we allow love to flow, we do not fear or doubt.
Choose to thrive in harmony with humanity and the earth.
The loudest voice comes from the softest heart.
The peace we seek in the world is first found within.
What the mind believes is nothing compared to what the heart knows.
Humanity is my family, nature is my home.
Love is such an essential part of our lives that it is impossible to separate ourselves from it; we only create the illusion that we do.
Love is such an amazingly simple, elegant and universal expression of the very nature of life itself.
Love knows no bounds and creates no conditions.
Love what is rather than fear what isn’t.
Peace within. Peace on earth.
In every heartbeat is a world of potential.
Tune in to the song of love rather than the noise of fear.
We are love and peace prevails.
When we let go of yesterday, we allow new possibilities today. 
Love sustains inner harmony no matter how the outer winds may blow.
Love is graceful and never labors as it expands from heart to heart.
Tragedy, drama, beauty or sublime, each include love that endures and transcends time.
Let us unite in love rather than battle in fear.
The days of those promoting fear and power for profit are done, now we share the wealth of love for all.
The serenity of love assures a peaceful composure in all circumstances.
With wisdom to observe and stillness to feel, the love that surrounds is obvious and real.
To know love is to realize your creative source and your destiny.
The love in our heart becomes visible in the sparkle of our eyes and the cheer of our smile.
When your love is unconditional, your experience is unlimited.
Love beats your heart so that you can love.
What you do right where you are makes a profound difference for others near and far.
Unconditional love is the foundation to create a whole new world.
When we are childlike we dance with life itself.
Life is yours to live just as love is yours to give.
Love is real strength and courage.
When we appreciate what is, life naturally brings us even more to appreciate.
You are loved unconditionally.
Each spoken word from the heart is a soothing balm of healing love.
On wings of love we take flight, soaring above duality.
Our internal insights shed light on our external experiences.
Our senses crudely interpret what our heart already knows.
Your energy flows freely with love and is restricted by anything less than love.
Unconditional love knows no duality and therefore creates no problems.
Brilliant and true is the heart of beautiful you.
Love has nothing to defend and everything to give.
To embrace a seeming mistake is to understand that all things are expressions of love.
From the deepest pain to the greatest joy, unconditional love simply accepts it all.
Our children are the reminders of the love we often forget.
Unconditional love is an unlimited way of being.
Your intention to love leads the way to more love.
Our life story is written with love and told from the heart.
Even though we feel secure in the known, it is the unknown that holds real potential and possibility.
In the stillness of your heart you will find a symphony of love.
Each of us is endowed with the pure essence of love at the very center of our being.
Peace is found in the tranquility of unconditional love.
Life is a dance driven by the rhythm of the heartbeat.
Love is like a precious tapestry that unites us in our diverse interconnectedness and interdependence.
Words are energized by love or hate; one appreciates while the other separates.
Where there is love there is no lack and love is everywhere.
We all share a common, universal bond of amazing potential through love.
When we release the past with love a whole new life opens up before us.
The simplicity and intricacy of love defies logic and gives meaning to the word elegance.
A healthy life starts first and foremost with acceptance and love for self.
Like a bud coming into bloom, love unfolds from within to express our true beauty.
The heart speaks through intuition as it guides us with love.
Your presence makes a profound difference simply because there will never be another you.
Emerge into each new day ready to create in a new way. 
It is, and always has been, our choice to embrace the love that resides within. 
Our innermost desires come from our heart, not our intellect.
Everything becomes lighter and brighter through a simple act of self acceptance.
Every moment of every day we have a choice to be love… whether we are conscious of it or not. 
Sharing our love provides new opportunities presently undreamed of. 
Life is experienced as joy or struggle according to which perspective we choose.
Our unrealized potential is only limited by the beliefs we cling to about life.
Change is constant whereas love never changes.
Love endures the most difficult circumstances and still remains as love.
The full expression of love resides in the present moment.
From our very first breath we are filled with limitless love and universal potential.
Notice every good thing in your life and you realize the treasure you already have.
This is your precious moment to enjoy love.
Lead by the example of love and you walk together with all.
Embrace the dreams of your heart for the world awaits your unique gifts.
Self acceptance is the basis to inner joy and peace.
Nature understands and embodies unconditional love.
We bring a unique element to universal creation with our conscious awareness of love.  
Joy is the song of the heart.
Love is always present even in the moments we forget love is always present.
As weavers of love, we are also intricately woven into the very fabric of life itself.
Your brilliance is only veiled by limited beliefs; your light shines eternally bright within.
Love is infinite and intended to be shared unconditionally.
We create and manifest incredible opportunities of love with each and every heartbeat. 
Our love is powerful beyond our wildest imagination.
Recognize the splendor held within each moment and you understand love.
Choosing a loving and affirming perspective manifests this as our reality.
Listening to our heart brings the infinite spectrum of potential into focus.
The ideas we entertain in our consciousness are the seeds of a future yet to be made.
Love is the key that unlocks our greatest possibilities.
Life and love are happening right now.
With diversity comes incredible opportunity.
Living each moment with love is to be healthy, wealthy and wise.
Love is exquisitely simple.
Gentleness and kindness are innate natural resources that benefit all.
Amazing wisdom is right within us when we are patient and listen to our heart.  
There is magnificent beauty all around us when we choose to observe life through love.  
Our love is what gives a deeper meaning to life and makes it easy, joyful and unconditional.
Consciously and lovingly embracing change is how we evolve.
Knowing who we are is not enough if we do not remember that we are a part of it all.
Our precious earth is a living example of love for all life.
Begin each new day with a blank canvas and paint your reality with dreams from the heart.
With the awareness of love comes limitless potential and profound beauty.
True love is boundless and real without limitation or imitation.
Love is priceless and infinite and already yours. 
The very nature of love is to give of itself in order to expand more love.
Fear may motivate a momentary response while love inspires a lifetime.
Diversity encourages unique creativity rather than conformity.
A brilliant mind is nothing compared to a loving heart, yet together they are true wisdom.
The intelligence of our intricate physical body is a miracle in itself and that is just one example.
Judgment divides while love simply guides.
Generosity is sharing from a full heart.
We will never know love if we are afraid to love.
To know where love begins, look within.
Kindness creates more kindness as these ripples of love touch others.
Love’s compassion is our common passion.
The infinite is filled with love and it is all infinite.
Embrace what you resist and it will transform into what you accept.
Gratitude is more than an attitude; it is a knowing that love is always flowing.
Self acceptance is the first step to accepting others.
When we open our heart to others, we allow others into our heart.
Each of us has the power to change the world, imagine what we can do together.
Love trusts us even when we do not trust love.
Balance in life begins within.
Doubt and fear are simply moments of forgetting our love.
Life breathes to the rhythm of love.
Embrace today for it comes to you as a gift filled with opportunity.
Love your imagination for it is the heart of your creativity.
The physiological aspects of love are like experiencing a single star in a universe of love.
Although seemingly silent and invisible, love is profound and obvious.
Loving earth is as vital as loving ourselves.
World peace begins with your peace.
Love needs no reason to love.
The love from our heart is the compassion we impart.
The complexity of life is resolved in the simplicity of love.
We nourish and flourish with love.
Sharing love brings more of it into our lives.
Like the merging colors of the rainbow, our love blends with those around us.
No matter how far our mind may wander, our heart is always with us.
Radiant and spectacular, you are the one who knows love.
With each heartbeat we are granted a fresh potential to share our love.
Compassion appreciates what is rather than judges what is not.
The dreams of love from our heart manifest in our world.
Love evolves what fear revolves.
Joy is the peaceful stillness of mind and the heart overflowing.
Look with your heart into the mirror of life and you will see love reflecting back.
Love is our gift to others rather than an awaited response from another.
Earth is born anew with the love that comes from you.
Love does not depend on words as it is readily felt from heart to heart.
When we love, we assist the world right where we are.
To love when it is most challenging is to understand love.
Fear repels whereas love invites.
A simple gaze into the night sky reminds us how truly infinite love is.
Love is ever present, we are the ones that either trust or deny it.
What we resist in fear is easily embraced with love.
Our five senses pale in comparison to our awareness of love.
With unconditional love, every moment is a new beginning.
Love transcends the cycles of life.
Logic defines while love simply designs.
Our universal family is united through love.
Each moment is a gift of love giving birth to new potentials.
Begin with loving yourself and you will find no end to your love.
Love continues on its journey long after we share it.
Peace and joy are gifts from a loving heart.
Neither an idol nor an ideal, love is simply a way of being.
Laughter lightens life.
Love inspires creation.
The smallest gesture of kindness can change the destiny for many.
When you hug another, you experience the embrace too.
Your presence is the essence of love made tangible in this world.
The spark of love is in each of us, we choose to ignite it.
We demonstrate our love by the way we live our life.
Love is never proven yet is known beyond any doubt.
A genuine life is built on a foundation of love.
Unconditional love is inclusive and universal, intimate and personal.
Embrace what was, enjoy what is, and imagine what will be.
The love that dances in our heart brings joy to our world.
Love illuminates potentials, possibilities and solutions. 
Love is a priceless gift you can give anytime, anywhere, to anyone.
Change is a beautiful unfolding of the everlasting nature of love.
A peaceful mind and loving heart cultivates a loving mind and peaceful heart.
The love you share is wealth beyond measure.
Love is the simplest effort with the most profound effect.
Unconditional love releases the judgment of right and wrong, good or bad.
The warmth of your heart radiates comfort to others.
When we choose to love without condition we are fulfilling our life’s purpose.
Our opinions are nothing compared to our love.
The mind seeks while the heart knows.
Unconditional love is the cosmic glue that unites me and you.
Encourage others to follow their heart as you follow yours.
Our love touches countless lives and inspires destinies of greatness.
No matter how deep the pain, love always remains.
Love with wisdom is our personal power.
We give thanks because we can.
Appreciate the countless gifts in life as they are all given in love.
Gratitude is the natural expression when we come from our heart.
Each heartbeat sustains trillions of cells, imagine what one thought of love can do.
The joy of eternity is found in the presence of love right now.
Know love within and you will never be without.
The wisdom of the heart outshines the knowledge of the mind.
The heart of life is in you.
Whatever you may wish to be or do is only a tiny fragment of who you already are. 
You bring out the love in others by knowing your own love.
To be yourself, let others be.
Love inspires greatness that benefits all.
From this breath to the next, all is well.
The love you share now becomes part of your past and your future.
Fear is only a forgotten moment that we are love.
Our attention upon love expands our presence of love.
Observe life from a larger perspective and love becomes obvious.
Beautiful, loving, courageous, creative and wise is the true you.
Our true abundance is love of which we all have an infinite supply.
Love endures what our mind demurs.
Love needs no words as it is the universal language from the heart.
Even the hardest heart has a spark of love that grows with your soft embrace.
Your love shines with compassion.
The mind often wanders while the heart remains forever in love.
A simple smile from a loving heart initiates more smiles.
Each time we hug one another we touch generations with our love.
Nature’s beauty and diversity reminds us of the love we so often forget.
Sing your solo of love rather than in a choir of fear.
Love encourages the realization of our highest hopes and dreams. 
Gentle and kind is a loving state of mind.
Be your own best friend and you will have a friend for life.
Love prospers through you.
Gratitude for life is being fully in love with life.
Love cherishes the moment as it anticipates the next heartbeat of potential.
The greatest strength comes from the softest heart.
Love never withholds love.
Forgiveness releases the limitations we have placed on love.
The essence of eternity is the love expressed in the moment.
A choice of love inspires life itself to unfold in new ways.
Beyond our accepted beliefs, habits, and rituals is the simplicity of love.
Love is a beautiful journey of self discovery and universal expression.
We literally transform life when we share our love.
Beyond our limited perceptions and beliefs are new worlds to explore.
Unconditional love… it really is that simple.
Trust your choices and you will love your experiences.
Love the world you were born to create.
Love is the essence of who you are and the creative potential of all that you desire to become.
Joy is the expression of your heart radiating love for life.
The presence of love is eternally present within you.
Your love inspires love.
Alive with love we truly live.
Observe with compassion rather than judge with condemnation.
A hug brings two hearts together as one.
The heart leads to new adventures while the mind enjoys the path.
Your brilliant love casts no shadows.
As a loving presence, you reveal and inspire beauty in each moment.
Know love and you will have no doubt.
A full heart and a quiet mind inspire infinite possibilities.
As we fall in love today we spring forth in joy.
Your courage to love gives others the experience of love.
Your peace builds world peace.
Your unconditional love is the seed of potential for others to blossom.
Love is here so there is nothing to fear.
In the heart of love one finds the wisdom of the ages.
Your loving presence on this earth is more brilliant than the light of a thousand suns and the sparkle of a galaxy of stars.
The love of One is the love of All.
We thank you precious earth for your unconditional love and endless sustenance.
Live the simple life of love.
Beauty is obvious to all those that live from their heart.
To walk the journey of love with another is to enjoy the reflection of love itself.
Unconditional love knows no equal yet embraces all equally.
Love always finds its way from heart to heart.
Life does not labor over love, it simply loves unconditionally.
The love shared today inspires a beautiful tomorrow.
A new world emerges when you embrace life with love.
Fear is only a momentary raincloud to the love that is always shining.
As a being of love, you are a treasure beyond measure.
Whatever you choose next, infuse love and your decision will instantly encompass the greatest good of all.
The miracle of love is its eternal presence.
Love is the simple solution to all the seemingly complicated problems of life.
The more you love, the more you love.
Your unconditional love awakens and encourages the love in those around you.
The broader our view, the more we realize love is always present.
To become conscious of unconditional love, begin with loving yourself unconditionally.
The love you seek is the love you already are.
Love knows what the mind forgets.
Be the love that is the center of your being.
Boundless and beautiful, you are an exquisite and radiant presence of love.
It is the unconditional nature of love that often confounds the mind while bringing joy to the heart.
We realize love as our real eyes love.
Love is your eternal essence flowing through you now.
Simply embrace the miracle of love that you are.
A quiet mind and an open heart reveal the beauty and perfection of life.
Feel the love from your heart and your smile will be spontaneous and contagious.
When you share your love your acts of kindness will never be random.
Think outside the box and feel the circle of life.
Love breathes life into every moment allowing us to create and expand more love.
While our mind wanders in search of love, our heart knows exactly where it is.
Fear lasts as long as you focus on it, love lasts an eternity as it focuses through you.
A passion for compassion comes from an awakened heart. 
A simple way to start each day… "I love myself unconditionally!" 
With each and every heartbeat you are love made manifest. 
Release all that no longer serves you and allow the love that you are to shine. 
Unconditional love is without beginning or end, exists everywhere and found nowhere, is never proven yet instantly known. 
The love that flows through you flows to you. 
Patience, compassion, trust, and wisdom are all qualities of living life from your heart.
Love is simply the awareness of who you really are.
In moments of fear just remember love is always here. 
Love who you are and you will always know who loves you - love others as they are and they will know your love. 
With each loving thought, feeling, word, and action, we breathe new life into our beautiful world.
The joy of living comes from the love you are sharing.
When you are present in love, solutions are obvious.
Unconditional love embraces all that is and encourages all that can be.
Love enjoys the journey while being present right where it is.
Let this moment be one of unconditional love.
There is amazing beauty in every heart and your compassion reveals it’s potential. 
Love is present even during moments when we are not. 
One love connects us all.
Let each breath be filled with love today.
We all share the innate and eternal freedom to love unconditionally.
The simplest act of kindness changes countless lives. 
Begin within. 
Beyond the limitations of the mind is your heart waiting to be explored. 
Yesterday was beautiful and tomorrow will be too, just by being love right now you are truly you.
Through love you become intimate with the infinite.
When we step back from our perceived challenges, the presence of love becomes clear.
Infinite potential is revealed in the grace of a single heartbeat.
The dawn of a new day always comes with a fresh opportunity to create with love.
For every momentary thought of fear there is an eternity of love waiting to be expressed.
Unconditional love extends the hand of friendship since it already knows itself in the other.
To love is to be.
There is more power and potential in a single expression of love than a lifetime of accumulated fear.
Heart to heart we build a world filled with peace and harmony, love and prosperity
You are here right now for only one true purpose and that is to share your love.
To love unconditionally is to recognize the unlovable and unloved as lovable and loving.
A loving heart cultivates a serene mind and a life of joy.
When we are aware of love there is never a more perfect moment than right now.
It takes courage to embrace your potential and wisdom to know what that is.
We come into this world filled with limitless potential so that we may know that love is infinite in its expression.
Integrity is found in one who follows the wisdom of their heart.
Compassion embraces what judgment separates.
Within the stillness of the mind one can hear the voice of love.
To forgive without condition or expectation is to bestow dignity upon every experience.
Radiate your love and you magnetically attract more.
The beauty of life is felt as the pure essence of love.
With love as your guide you walk the journey of one along a path of many.
Open your heart and you will be amazed with the treasure you find there.
Love begins right where you are.
Whenever two greet in unconditional love their reflection becomes one.
Your smile reminds others that love is present.
Be true to yourself and let your light shine!
The natural rhythm of life is through the heartbeat of love.
In the silence of love one hears the music of eternity. 
Those with a courageous heart quietly guide others through the strength and wisdom of love. 
The joy you feel comes from the love you share. 
Whatever you may think you know is insignificant.
We are one love with an infinite diversity of expression.
The love you seek is within and the love you share is the reflection to others of its source.
The mind contemplates a limited love where an open heart expresses unconditional love.
Unconditional love is priceless and forever free.
The love is universal, the choice is individual.
It all begins within.
Whatever you desire in life, let it come from your heart and be filled with love.
Our love is our gift to the world.   
As you take each breath and step today, simply know "love begins with me." 
Precious, beautiful, courageous and loving - now do you remember who you are? 
Love isn’t something we do, it is who we are. 
When your intention is to love unconditionally, your life becomes a reflection of that same love. 
Love expresses itself in infinite ways when your heart and mind are open to the possibilities. 
Connect with the wisdom of your heart and life flows naturally and easily.   
As you expand and share your love you make a world of difference right where you are. 
We honor our precious earth with gratitude and love. 
Love is eternally yours and you are forever love itself. 
Let unconditional love be your focus today and you will observe a whole new reality.
To choose to love unconditionally is both simple and courageous.
It is the unconditional kindness you show towards yourself and others that makes love tangible.
Each time we take a deep breath, we give our heart a hug.
When we have harmony in our feelings and thoughts we are able to experience unconditional love.
When we remember that love is the answer, we forget there ever was a question.
Embrace yourself and you embrace the universe.
Unconditional love shifts our perspective from shame, humiliation and intimidation to respect, dignity and encouragement.
When we realize our potential to love unconditionally, we transform ourselves and the planet at the same time.
Love and peace are qualities we cultivate through the choices we make.
Let us open our hearts and allow the dance of love to permeate all life.
Unconditional love is the universal power that unites us and brings meaning to life.
You are an amazing being filled with love, all else is a temporary illusion.
To love ourselves is to forgive ourselves; to forgive ourselves is to find the pearl within.
The rich tapestry of life weaves its love in every atom and allows us to play in the vast field of infinite oneness.
Each of us has a special gift to share with the rest of humanity - it is the gift of love.
Inspiration is the timely awareness of opportunity.
Opportunity is the timely awareness of inspiration.
An expression of kindness can heal the hardest heart and repair the emotional pain of ages.
Peace is an inner quiet solitude which knows no bounds.
Compassion lifts the energy of any situation into its natural state of unconditional love.
Fear and doubt are based in past and future while love and joy are present in the moment.
If you declare something wrong, it doesn’t necessarily make you right.
Listen to your heart and hear the wisdom of eternity.
With unconditional love we see the bigger picture of life with greater clarity.
Although life is an intensely personal journey, we are forever surrounded by loving friends.
The one who truly knows unconditional love is indeed very lucky.
We can approach life as a struggle or with joy; the choice is ours in each moment.
Let your love shine as brilliant as the noonday sun.
Simply love unconditionally and there will be no room for fear or doubt.
We touch the world with love right where we are.
The beauty of your life is reflected in the story of love that you share with others.
To love and appreciate life is to enjoy the amazing potential that is within and around us every moment. 
Creating life with love manifests a very different reality than one based on fear and doubt. 
The more you share your love the more love you have to share. 
The love you seek never left. 
Forget who you were and instead remember who you are... a magnificent being of love. 
When you choose love you inspire others to love.
Love knows all things as love while fear only knows itself. 
For much of my life fear was my companion and motivator, and then unconditional love came and inspired me.
While the mind often wanders, the heart remains in love.
When we understand who we are, we recognize everyone else.
The wisdom of your heart is the only guru you will ever need or want.
Unconditional love is the conscious awareness of the love that you are.   
If you wait for another to love you, you miss the joy of true love. 
There has never been a better moment than right now to love yourself unconditionally. 
Love often whispers through our heart while nature sings it out loud. 
Let your heart be your guide and your mind be your companion. 
Each of us holds the key of love to unlock our collective potential. 
Always be brave, courageous and outrageous with your love. 
Imagine love and love will be the image and the experience. 
The heart knows true abundance and flows continuously and unconditionally. 
When we are fully present, love is in the air we breathe, the thoughts we have, the hands we hold, and the path we walk upon. 
When we feel separate from love, simply step back until the love that is present becomes obvious. 
Unconditional love is an incredibly intimate and personal journey shared with everyone. 
As you generously share the love in your heart, you are naturally fulfilling your life purpose. 
Joy, by its own nature, is an outward and upward movement of energy. 
The presence of love is already within, simply let it flow. 
When we remain harmonious, wisdom flows in from the heart and dispels any doubt or fear. 
This planet does not need more visions of desperation, fear, doubt and hate - it requires unconditional love to restore its natural beauty. 
Life with love creates an ever changing landscape of experiences and potential. 
Open your heart and experience a grander view of the world. 
We live to love just as we love to live. 
You are a magnificent presence of love embodied in our world right now - thank you for being here! 
The world needs and wants love more than anything else - so let us be the ones to provide it. 
Fear is nothing more than the illusion that we are somehow separate from love. 
Be an avatar of love by expressing unconditionally from your heart. 
Love was, love is and love will forever be who you are at the center of your being.   
Your presence of love is vital to the world. 
Change is inevitable while the heart of love remains eternal. 
Peace and love are the most precious and priceless commodities in our world that can neither be bought nor sold… simply shared. 
Unconditional love reveals the grace and dignity inherent in life. 
Expand your vocabulary to include unconditional love and watch how your reality changes. 
When we keep love simple, we simply love. 
Trust yourself and your own wisdom and life will respond accordingly. 
Acceptance, allowance and compassion for self and others are indications of unconditional love in action. 
If you don't see love in the mirror of life, doubt and fear are still present... let go and love will flow. 
Love today and tomorrow your past will be filled with love. 
When we are at peace with ourselves, we are at peace with the world. 
Unconditional love is an intimate and universal awareness of our true self. 
Love is a freedom known only by those who share it.
Listen to your own heart beat and you will understand the source of love.
When we love unconditionally, every moment is a new beginning.
Each moment we remember love we forget fear.
Unconditional love reveals life's exquisite beauty. 
Miracles are simply love in action. Be the miracle. 
It is easy to go with the flow when you are on a river of love. 
Have no fear love is already here. 
Expand your love today by sharing it with others. 
You light up the world with your love.
When we share our love, we give the present of our presence. 
You can choose a path of joy just as easy as one of struggle; both will get you to your destination. 
We cannot change anyone yet we can love everyone unconditionally.
Love reveals the essence of creation and the joy of potential. 
Whatever you choose in each moment let unconditional love be your guiding intention. 
An open heart and an open mind allow us to embrace life with open arms.
Reveal the joy of your soul by dancing to the tune of love in your heart. 
Unconditional love is who you are behind the mask of who you think you are. 
The simplest gift we can ever offer is unconditional love from our heart. 
Being kind, gentle and loving to yourself leads to a gentler, kinder and more loving world. 
The language of love is laughter. 
Whether we choose to love or not, love remains ever present. 
Love is who we are; everything else is the illusion when we forget who we are. 
Smiles are hugs from the heart.
Appreciation for all that has been and presently is brings joy of anticipation in all that will yet be. 
We are all angels disguised as humans! 
Wherever there is gratitude there is love. 
Someone in your world needs a loving hug today, give it freely and unconditionally and watch what happens. 
What we have within, we give out. What we give out returns to us in full measure. The circle of love is complete. 
Life is already filled with love, enjoy it 
It all starts with unconditional self acceptance and love - if you don't love yourself, how can you truly love another?
When we maintain harmony under all circumstances we allow our love to flow. 
Think with your heart and feel with your mind. 
Infuse love into every thought, feeling, word, deed and action and you will experience a new world. 
Love is ever present; we only pretend at times that it is not here 
Love and appreciate yourself unconditionally and the world will know love by your example. 
Make everyday a day of love and you will be filled with loving memories. 
Amidst the chaos of a changing world is the harmony of love in the heart. 
The beauty of the day is in the heart of the moment. 
With each breath, love flows to you and through you in an endless stream.
Ascend in love and a new world is born 
Unconditional love embraces duality as one. 
Appreciate life and you will realize the gentle presence of love. 
You are loved beyond measure. 
You are beautiful, courageous, wise, and above all - the grand embodiment of love.
The love in your heart is more precious when shared.
You are the presence of love.
Love knows no bounds, it simply keeps expanding.
Loving unconditionally is easy, living with limitations and fear is much more difficult.
The world is more beautiful today with your presence of love.
Our heart reminds us, "I am perfection perfecting itself"
The opportunity to express love is present in every moment.
Joy in the heart leads to peace in the world.
The beauty of love is eternal and present in the moment.
When you love, you remember who you truly are.
Beautiful You, thank you for being on earth today - you are making a difference.
Love in the heart brings peace to the mind.
When we know the love within, there is nothing to seek... there is only to be.
Explore your heart today and find a new world filled with love.
Heart to heart we build a new world.
Your willingness to love changes the world.
Embrace your grandness.
Wherever we go, there we are. Wherever we are, there is love.
Love is the best place to start.
Life becomes really interesting when we become aware of ourselves as the observer and the participant.
Create from the heart and the adventure will be more spontaneous and grand.
Keep life simple, you will enjoy it more.
I love you unconditionally. Yes, YOU! Feels good, doesn't it?
In the seeming complexity of life, be the simplicity of love.
Be alive and present today and notice the simple beauty all around you.
Radiate your light today and watch the darkness disappear.
Simply choose to love unconditionally - it is the one choice you will never regret.
Love and peace... one becomes the other.
Peace prevails. 
To know true love is to know true peace.
Even when others choose fear you can be the one to choose love.
Do not be afraid of life, embrace it with love and fear will disappear.
Be your own best friend and you will be a friend to the world. 
From the very first cell we have the potential to love unconditionally.
Unconditional love simplifies life.
Unconditional love reveals who we are at the center of our being.
Love the ONE you are!
Unconditional love unifies and celebrates diversity.
As we love life, life itself expands in love.
Your personal choice to love unconditionally changes the world.
Loving others unconditionally begins with loving yourself unconditionally.
Trust the wisdom that comes from your heart.
When you open your heart, you open your eyes to a new reality.
As you share your love freely, others may realize they have love to share.   
Hugs and smiles are simple ways to love unconditionally all through the day. 
Love for no reason and you will have infinite reason to love.
You are infinitely more than you perceive yourself to be.
Love is present everywhere you go today and with all those you encounter - allow it to reveal itself.
Love expresses to us and through us.
Simply be, no matter what.
With trillions of stars in billions of galaxies, it is a wonder that we remain so human in our perspective.
Unconditional love is the simplest answer to any complicated question.
What we imagine, we eventually create.
Unconditional love unites our individual uniqueness. 
Be YOUR truth, not the suggestions and assumptions of others - your heart knows the difference.
Conscious thinking allows us to have conscious choice.
Smiling is an easy way to share your love.
You are a brilliant, creative and imaginative being - what will you choose to manifest today?
Create from the heart with harm to none.
Angels live to love, so what are you waiting for?
What you wish for others through your thoughts and feelings is also what you wish for yourself.
Be courageous and choose to love unconditionally.
Never hesitate to share your love.
Life flows naturally when you trust your heart.
When we are quiet and still, we become aware of love.
Be the cause of love today, just because.
Patience is both a virtue and an act of self love.
In this present moment, imagine the infinite possibilities and then choose the one you love. 
By focusing on unconditional love, we become love.
Speak from your heart and you change the world.
Love is always present.
Unconditional love is our universal language - heart to heart.
Now is the time to inspire others with your unconditional love.
To truly know love simply ask, what am I attached to and why? Then let go.
Unconditional love is actually very simple and easy, once you choose to let it flow.
Maintain inner harmony no matter how the winds may blow.
Today is a new beginning, what shall we create through love?
Life is a never ending adventure and love is our constant companion.
With unconditional love, all things are whole and complete.
Embrace change in the outer with the awareness of love within.
Celebrate who you are - a magnificent being filled with love.
When we are present and aware, the next step creates a whole new adventure.
When we open our heart we also open our mind.
To know thyself is to trust thyself.
It is important to be and speak our truth; we just need to make sure that it is really ours.
Freedom already exists in the heart. 
Letting go and allowing is actually easier than holding on to what no longer serves. 
Dreams of the heart do come true.
Anything is possible with an open heart and open mind. 
Let unconditional love be your walking meditation today and watch what happens.
Breathe in life within this moment.
Chapters close, yet the heart knows that the book goes on forever. 
Love - the more you give, the more you receive. 
Laughter is a gift that heals. 
There is beauty in every moment when we see through the eyes of our heart. 
Inner harmony provides balance and clear action. 
When we honor ourselves, we honor others.
Breathe and allow life to be what it is.
Love dissolves fear. 
Listen to your heart for you may be surprised by what you hear.
When you see yourself as whole and complete, you see it in all others too.
Life is a gift. 
Balance is the key to well being.
Forgiveness is the exquisite healer in all of us. 
When we accept ourselves just for who we are, we accept other people just for who they are.
When the whole world is your playground, things get interesting.
Just for today let love guide the way. 
Love is the universal language of the heart.
When we let go of yesterday, anything is possible. 
When the “ah ha” moment becomes the “ha ha” moment, we are free.
The Universe is full of fun surprises.
Peace prevails and so does love. 
Every moment of every day is a new beginning. 
Life was different yesterday yet love remains the same today.
Our body is our temple and our home.
Letting go allows energy to flow. 
Be fully present in the moment and you are instantly free.
Follow your heart and you will never get lost.
To know love is to be love. 
Loving unconditionally takes courage, giving into fear does not.
Unconditional love is a journey without beginning or end.
Express the real you that you are. 
Nothing is ever what it appears to be as love resides within each experience, sometimes obvious and other times seemingly invisible.
Patience and trust are two main qualities of unconditional love
Truly trust your heart and amazing things will happen in your life. 
Unconditional love is an unlimited way of being. 
When we celebrate and love ourselves unconditionally, we innately understand and embrace everyone and everything around us.
When we celebrate and love ourselves unconditionally, we instantly understand and embrace everyone and everything around us.
Giving in to fear is easy; loving unconditionally is easier once you make the choice.
Love without condition and see how your reality changes.
Spread some unconditional love around the world today.
Love changes everything yet love itself never changes.
Life is such a wonderful adventure.
Love life simply as it is and allow the beauty to reveal itself.
Unconditional love is the answer to the question.
Love begins with me - now there is a difference we can each make. 
Today is a new day and a fresh opportunity to love unconditionally.
The beauty of love is all around us when we have an open heart.
Tune your thoughts and feelings with love and bring a beautiful harmony to your symphony of life.
Knowledge knows what was, whereas intuition reveals what can be.
The wonder of life is found while we wander through life.
The resonance of love is a vibration that harmonizes heart-to-heart.
When we live fully present in the moment we are also in harmony with our past and our future.
One with love dares to share and care with heart-felt savior faire.
Love is patient, love is kind, it comes from our heart and expands our mind.
Life and death are expressions of the ever changing yet eternal nature of life itself.
True beauty is seen and felt from the heart connecting us to the essence beyond the appearance.
Love is our innate heritage so that we may leave it as our everlasting legacy.
Being one with ourselves allows us to be one with those around us.
Love loves to love.
What we appreciate flourishes with our love.
Awakening to love is an inner experience that gently unfolds into expression in our outer world.
Embrace your grandness so that the world may benefit from your magnificent contribution.
The earth rejoices with each loving choice you make and kind action you express.
Be the unconditional love you wish to experience in the world.
With love as your inspiration, life becomes the canvas of your masterpiece.
Express your essence as a radiant being capable of infinite compassion and joy.
At the center of our being we are limitless potential and all things are possible.
True spontaneity comes from the soul as it encourages us to live life fully in the moment.
The inner voice of love may be quiet, yet its wisdom is loud and clear.
Grace, dignity and integrity are hallmarks of one who lives each moment with love.
When you reflect upon the true nature of your being, you connect to all the infinite gifts of the universe.
Healing is simply allowing love to restore wholeness and balance in our lives.
Sharing love is a gift for both the giver and recipient.
With unconditional love you lighten your life and brighten the lives of others.
Allow your inner senses to guide you through love while your outer senses enjoy the journey.
Be curious about the true nature of life and you will find infinite dimensions of your own potential.
The mind recalls what it remembers while the heart knows the eternal connection to life itself.
Follow the pathway inspired by your heart and you will never be lost.
Accept your luminous essence and profound presence for you are a magnificent being of love.
Brilliant as the noon day sun, you are a wonder to behold with a sparkling heart of gold.
The choice to love unconditionally is always present and available; we are the ones that must choose.
To know love, is to think, feel and choose your own reality that is filled with more love.
Our real nature is to give, be kind, and to share our love, all else is the illusion of separation from ourselves and each other.
Unconditional love is an unlimited way of being.
Feel beyond the world of thought where your love is forever connected heart-to-heart.
Recognize your grandness of being and  you realize the magnificence of life itself.
We can choose to think and feel differently and allow our perspectives to expand beyond yesterday.
Love is our core essence ever ready to be expressed in limitless abundance.
Care deeply for the elements of nature, since your body is a miracle from which it was born.
You are an exquisite being of infinite love capable of shining your light to all.
Journey into the unknown and you will find pure potential waiting for you.
When we know ourselves intimately, we appreciate others compassionately.
Caring is our way of sharing from the heart.
The gift of life is the presence of love.
Our mind remembers what was while our heart imagines what can be.
Choosing to embody love is a natural decision we make when we accept responsibility for our creation.
Beyond our limited and fragmented perspectives is a grandness that inspires wholeness and unity.
To love unconditionally is to be in harmony with life itself.
Love is an expression that is not bound by dimension.
We will never know what we are truly capable of until we include love in each thought and feeling.
Ever expanding love inspires an ever evolving reality.
Share your essence as a radiant and spectacular being of love and ignite the same in others.
Through forgiveness and love we transform the struggle with life into the joy for life.
Our mind, emotions, body and soul are an orchestra that, when tuned to love, plays a brilliant symphony.
Expanding our awareness allows us to see, know and love a broader spectrum of reality.
Love transforms the ordinary into the exquisite.
Love is a precious gift that we honor by being the presence of this love.
All good things are possible when the heart illuminates the mind.
No matter what has been said and done, unconditional love is always present and ready to serve.
With love in our heart we are naturally grateful for the very essence of life that flows through us.
When we see beyond appearances, we intuitively know our hearts are eternally united through love.
Fear makes things dire whereas love will always inspire.
Love is your essence and no matter how far your mind may wander from it, you are never separate.
Your life is a grand adventure of the soul, cherish each moment with joy.
When we open our heart and mind with love, our world transforms anew.
You arrive in this world with infinite potential to become more.
Encourage the awakening heart in others by allowing yours to blossom in full beauty.
We cherish each other when we treasure ourselves.
Cast off the limits imposed by your mind by trusting the boundless potential of your heart.
Whatever you think reality is, it is infinitely more than you can imagine.
Real beauty is the emanation of love from the heart of your being.
We are one human race capable of expressing the countless colors of love.
You radiate and magnetize what you think and feel, so choose wisely in each moment.
To truly understand the outer world, go within and explore your inner thoughts and feelings.
Trust your own wisdom and allow your unique journey to unfold naturally.
Know love and you know more than the mind can conceive in a lifetime.
Life built on the foundation of love will stand strong and weather all challenges.
Unconditional love is your true treasure that is a pleasure beyond measure.
True courage is going beyond your fears and embracing your love.
You are a beautiful manifestation of the one love that unites us all.
When we marvel at the simple things in life we are naturally connected to our grand existence.
Loving unconditionally releases the pain and suffering of countless generations.
You change the world by being one who chooses love.
The love you emanate energizes every particle of life.
Joy, oneness, peace and compassion are attributes of one who knows and embodies love.
We are one humanity with boundless diversity and everlasting potential for infinite love.
Precious and cherished are the gifts of love that are filled with compassion and kindness.
The seeds of unconditional love sown today are harvested by our children, so that they may plant them again for their children.
All is one love in infinite expression.
Love is the pattern of perfection that you weave into your life.
Illustrate the beauty of love on your canvas of life so that others may be inspired by your creation.
When we speak from our heart we touch each other with our love.
Always remember you are divine and forever let your love and light shine.
By sharing your love, you make a profound difference that ripples through eternity.
Forgiveness is a release of something that binds us to the past.
Be both the observer and participant in your life and you will discover just how majestic life truly is.
Your magnificence may be veiled by your awareness, yet you are magnificent nonetheless.
Know who you are through and through and you will know the love that is you.
What you expect is defined by the mind, whereas the heart explores your unlimited potential.
Joy is the boundless appreciation for life.
Our heart ignites our potential while our mind implements the journey.
Wonder while you wander and immerse yourself in the essence of life.
The infinity of your divinity is love.
Patience and trust unfold our potential while love encourages the way.
Whatever you seek is first found within.
Love was present yesterday, is here with you today, and will be around tomorrow too, since it is forever within you.
Love expands our comprehension beyond the finite labels of the mind.
There is no fight or fright when you live with love and light.
Beautiful to behold, unconditional love is an expression of the courageous, wise and bold.
When we gaze into the heavens, we connect to the heaven within us.
Our earth is the precious pantry for our body elemental while her vitality is nourishment for our soul.
We all share the common traits of being human while each of us plays a unique and precious role.
Reach deep within and you will find your true self waiting with an open heart filled with love.
When we are at peace within we radiate grace and dignity outward to the world around us.
Conscious and aware we never despair over any affair, when love is what we share.
The joy of the moment lasts for an eternity in your heart.
Forgiveness is an understanding of our soul connection to our eternal, universal bond of love.
The mirror of life simply reflects our expression of love or the absence thereof.
Life is like a diamond, beautiful to behold, with many facets of our story being told.
When we follow our heart, we engage our inner guidance and intuition.
Your calm composure can transform any turbulent situation into a loving tranquil resolve.
Have satisfaction knowing that with each kind action you start a chain reaction of loving attraction.
Respect is the simple act of allowing and honoring one another to express their diversity and infinite potential.
Understanding the power and wisdom within our heart helps us encourage the same potential in others.
Through a gentle and loving approach to life, we experience the sublime essence of what life is really all about.
Turn your attention within and unite with your personal source of wisdom, love, and power.
To love life unconditionally is to have faith in ourselves and in life itself.
By accepting and loving ourselves, we discover how to be truly honest and intimate with everyone.
Harmony is the beginning point of positive creation.
The seasons and cycles of life are balanced with love.
When we detach from our need to hold on, we allow the beauty of our reality to unfold through love.
Love is boundless, eternal and ever-present in each moment.
From the compassionate ways of the heart, flow the gentle waves of peace.
A peaceful soul creates a peaceful earth. Be the peace.
Peace is a way of being within that brings more peace to the world throughout.
The final frontier is the one within; beyond the mind all things are possible.
Wisdom integrated with love recognizes potentiality and pursues it with a calm passion.
When we are in service to life itself, we are aware life is lovingly serving us in return.
Unconditional love patiently waits whether you choose to love unconditionally now or later.
When we are kind to ourselves and one another, we create heaven on earth.
Hope creates a space for the infinite power of love to rush in and immerse us in possibilities.
Infinite love is in you and in me and as we share it together we set all life free.
Your love is the one catalyst that can change all things to love.
With love in your heart, you are the magic and the miracle right where you are.
Living life through love, we allow our choices to fulfill our dreams and to honor the dreams of others.
An open heart allows while a closed mind disavows.
Laughter rejuvenates our mind, body and soul, keeping us joyful, complete and whole.
Invite compassion into each moment for a different  perspective and experience.
Choices are simply choices, yet their outcome depends on the presence of love in the choice.
Love is a presence that permeates our essence revealing itself when shared.
Loving unconditionally is the ultimate detachment and the ultimate treasure.
No matter the perceived pain or grievance, self inflicted or accepted from another, we have the power to forgive.
When we free ourselves of self-imposed limiting beliefs, we unlock our potential and become our dreams.
Sing the song of joy and let each moment unfold its potential.
With a compassionate heart, there is no labor to love yourself or your neighbor.
Ever true, the love that flows through me also flows through you.
Nobler a deed is never done than through an act of unconditional kindness.
No longer just a utopian fantasy or act of divine providence, unconditional love is real and tangible and can be brought into our daily lives.
The essence of life is found in the love that we share from our heart.
Choosing a loving perspective initiates a new language that empowers and infuses life with love.
Love never needs to apologize for being love.
Cultures, rituals, customs and social perceptions give way to soul expressions when we allow our heart to guide our destiny.
Dignity and respect are qualities of love that recognize the universal bond we all share.
When you embrace love you release fear.
Integrity comes from one who has the courage to act from the wisdom of their heart.
Being love is a joyful way of being.
You can continue to fear your shadow or simply become a blazing light of love and cast no shadow.
When we are fully present in the moment, love is the obvious and effortless choice.
One never has lack when love is known as true and infinite wealth.
Life thrives when we share our love.
When we choose to become ever more present in each moment and consider the perspective of love in each thought and feeling, everything changes.
Laughter springs forth from the timeless and eternal connection of joy in the center of our being.
Our world changes when we dissolve despair by daring to share our love and truly care.
Unconditional love knows no opposite and thus embraces all equally.
Unconditional love is neither personal nor impersonal while touching us deeply and universally.
Simplify your life by simply being love.
Choosing to love is the wisest decision of them all.
Love knows that no matter what, love always prevails.
Love is the inherent, natural way of life; all else is a conjuring of the mind that has forgotten this love.
Sharing your love brings joy to all.
When we love, we become the solution.
The power of love is infinitely greater than the force of fear.
The splendor of love bestows dignity and grace in all circumstances.
The most fortunate fortune is love.
Unconditional love will always have its unique meaning and experience to us personally while simultaneously creating a universal connection to each other.
Infuse each moment with love and you will treasure every experience.
Thoughtfulness comes from a heart full of loveliness.
Love is infinitely generous with love.
Radiant and true is the love that is shared from the magnificence of you.
Kindness is simply a demonstration of our innate and ever present love.
The benevolence of life is expressed through us as love and compassion.
You are a diamond of many facets, all of which sparkle with the love from your heart.
When we love to love life becomes a joy to live.
A peaceful heart expands peace on earth.
Approach each moment with love and your life will be beyond reproach.
Only love transforms the suffering of ages into the joy of eternity.
To truly know love within is to realize we are forever whole and complete.
Simply appreciate everything in life as a gift given in love.
Be of good cheer as love is always here and friends are ever near.
Gratitude in each moment reveals the presence of love in every experience.
As an infinite being of love, your magnificence is only veiled by your accepted beliefs otherwise.
Love elicits tranquility and inspires possibilities.
When we allow our heart to bloom with love we bring beauty to our earthly garden.
The radiance of our love illumines our individual and collective journey in life.
Like a deep breath, joy is the intrinsic and natural expression of the love that flows through us.
Be inspired to share love for yourself and those around you and make this a better world for all.
If we only seek love externally, we will never know the magnificent love we already have within.
An awakened heart joyfully shares the infinite wealth of love.
Kindness is a spontaneous expression from a loving heart.
One with love is one with all.
Being present and aware of love allows love to have a presence in our lives.
Love stimulates, inspires, encourages and ensures our greatest potential.
There is nothing more precious than love, it is a gift you give yourself and others in lavish abundance.
With love in our heart we embrace life as a magnificent adventure.
Awareness of love is not enough; we must choose to share it to fully experience it.
Patience, kindness and compassion are qualities of the heart made manifest by our actions.
Love thrills and fulfills the journey of life animating our hearts and illuminating our potential.
Awaken into each fresh new day knowing that love always guides the way.
Every act of love sends forth endless seeds of potential for generations yet to come.
One with love is mightier than the multitudes without.
When you share your love you ignite the spark of love in others.
Separately we are a flower in bloom; together we are a garden of rainbow colors.
Yesterday is a memory, tomorrow is a potential, and right now is our moment to live fully with love.
With love we flourish and thrive and are fully alive.
When you truly open your heart you realize every moment is a miracle.
Unconditional love transforms the ordinary into the extraordinary.
Since love is our infinite treasure beyond measure, there is no limit to the love we can share.
Love flows from the center of our being and gives our life meaning.
Pursuing a life of unconditional love is an incredible journey of ever expanding freedom and joy, peace and harmony.
In every moment we have the opportunity to embrace our natural ability to love unconditionally and to share this love to all others.
As the heart of every individual awakens to the love that resides in each moment, there is a knowing that peace prevails upon our wondrous earth.
The inner quiet voice of wisdom understands the connection that is ever present and seeks to encourage us to remember our universal heartbeat.
When we approach each other as a friend, we set the stage for grand potential.
Kindness certainly knows no borders and flows with ease and grace when we allow it to express itself through us.
